Emily  paper 2024 on Geonet earthquake solution qulity. Try to implement that.

Can you look at this paper https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00288306.2024.2421309#abstract and see if you can implement the quality scoring system they describe.


Posible homoginising the catalogues. Using a regression equation to standardise the magnitudes. Use MLNZ20


Line 0: No events found in QuakeML file


Avoid crea

tin documents unless you have been told to do se

Can we have a visualisation the merger event for QC purposed. This should be doen before the merge is done. Mainly for the identified duplicates or triplicates or quadruplicates ... events 

This will help us to QC the merge before we commit to the database or export the data



MOve to MongoDB logo

I want you to migrate the database to MongoDB you will need to make the necessary changes to the codebase and be very careful and delegent

There seem to be file size limit of 100MB can you increase that?

The visualisation is vert slow for large catalogues. Can you make it more efficient and higher performace and optimise it?

Not to load all the data/catalog in the database at once. Just a few to demonstrate the functionality. User can select which ones they want view or play with. Can you cache the data for the dashboard so that it doesn't have to load it every time. We also need to have option to update the dashboard data when new catalogues are added.




There are some mock data in the codebase. Please remove them and use the real data. and 



Load balacne when we are hit by more users beside vertical scaling. 

How big will it become globally?? Can we go that route?

Scaleability??

mcp? app database and so on 

Application and databace separated 

10K for 

Instead of rendering all the data at once, we can use pagination or infinite scroll to load data as needed. or perhapd plot random samples of the data say 2000 events out of XXX and also show the total number of events that were selected. this will help with performance and scalability and also transparancy 

there are some empty folders in the codebase. Please check them if they are needed or not and decide what to do with them. 